very good guys what's up how are you all well
we have some
incredible breaking news I don't know if many of you were
expecting it or not and that is there are new
guests well new participants in
tortilla let's
see how I have it done ellipsis
and suddenly boom boom boom ok of course of
course
the biggest surprise has been the rigor of voice
that I never know how to pronounce it but of
course the biggest surprise and the
strongest has been seeing reborn
in which town he is going to participate you don't
put it they don't put which town in the other
two and it says the town but in the surroundings it does
n't say the town is town one is
town one is town one because look
you are great javi I love your live shows the
most sensual on youtube for social
right thank you very much thank you very much
rock look if you notice magnetized I don't
know who it is I don't know exactly what he does okay
but he goes to town to town 3 I don't know
who magnetized the concha and the pac and the
trini currently surrounding like the trini
in chin vice is a boy who does
that impregnated a gamer boy  let's say
no I didn't know him but he's going to town 3
then we have my dear cry my boy
I'm so glad he's going in I
know you were keen and well I'm
so so glad cry to know that
you're going in here okay there he's going to
town
2 I don't
give a [ __ ] how handsome you are I
'm watching you
bring town 2 therefore I
understand and I take for granted the rigor
even though I haven't put it in
the tweet I take
for granted
I take for granted what
is 1
with aura and company
with aurum and company
what do you think hug each other and I think there
won't be good vibes and what do you think of
the new contestants from tortilla
land